5.3.4. MEGA JACKPOT PRO

A. The Mega Jackpot Pro, which is subject to change weekly, is categorized into four segments as follows:

(i) Based on Seventeen Pre-selected Football Games - 17/17

5.3.4.1. Under this segment, a customer predicts the results of 17 games. If all selected games results as per predictions, the customer wins the jackpot. SportPesa may, at its sole and absolute discretion, provide bonuses to customers who gets correct a good number of predictions depending on the proximity of winning the jackpot. 

(ii) Based on Sixteen Pre-selected Football Games - 16/16

5.3.4.2. Under this segment, a customer predicts the results of 16 games. If all selected games results as per predictions, the customer wins the jackpot. SportPesa may, at its sole and absolute discretion, provide bonuses to customers who gets correct a good number of predictions depending on the proximity of winning the jackpot. 

(iii) Based on Fifteen Pre-selected Football Games - 15/15

5.3.4.3. Under this segment, a customer predicts the results of 15 games. If all selected games results as per predictions, the customer wins the jackpot. SportPesa may, at its sole and absolute discretion, provide bonuses to customers who gets correct a good number of predictions depending on the proximity of winning the jackpot. 

(iv) Based on Fourteen Pre-selected Football Games - 14/14

5.3.4.4. Under this segment, a customer predicts the results of 14 games. If all selected games results as per predictions, the customer wins the jackpot. SportPesa may, at its sole and absolute discretion, provide bonuses to customers who gets correct a good number of predictions depending on the proximity of winning the jackpot. 

(v) Based on Thirteen Pre-selected Football Games - 13/13

5.3.4.5. Under this segment, a customer predicts the results of 13 games. If all selected games results as per predictions, the customer wins the jackpot. SportPesa may, at its sole and absolute discretion, provide bonuses to customers who gets correct a good number of predictions depending on the proximity of winning the jackpot. 

(vi) The Jackpot amount will be divided equally amongst all the Jackpot winners.

(vii) The Company reserves the right to withhold 90% of any prize share until the prize presentation ceremony.

(viii) The Company reserves the right to pay the whole amount of any prize share to a winner by cheque or bank transfer.

(ix) The Jackpot bet can be placed through:

a) A manual option where you select each prediction e.g., SMS “MJP” followed by the predictions to 79079.  You will receive a confirmation SMS for your bet with the possible win, once the bet is placed.  

b) Via Website: Log into your SportPesa account and click on the Mega Jackpot pro banner. You will click on the team that you predict to win, and you can predict in the MJP bet category that you want.

c) Via dedicated Android and iOS applications. 

(x) Once a Mega jackpot pro bet has been placed, it can be cancelled as provided under clause 5.2 above. 

(xi) You may cancel your bet within ten minutes of placing your bet on the full Mega Jackpot Pro series of seventeen games but before the first game in the series has kicked off. Once the first game in the Mega Jackpot Pro Series has kicked off, you may not cancel any bet in the remaining series.

(xii) The Company reserves the right to use the names, video, audio, radio or other recordings, motion and still images of the winner, for purposes of publicity and marketing campaigns.

(xiii) Winners shall be required to avail themselves to SportPesa offices with proof of identity before any payment is made. The Company reserves the right to verify, with the relevant authorities, any identification document presented, before making any payment.

(xiv) Where one or more Mega Jackpot Pro games are cancelled, interrupted, abandoned, suspended or postponed, the company may at its discretion:

a) conduct an official public draw within 72 hours from the time of cancellation, interruption, abandonment, or postponement to determine the result of the missing game result, or
b) cancel the Mega Jackpot Pro bet and refund the stake within 72 hours from the time of cancellation, interruption, abandonment, or postponement

Provided that where this timeline falls on a Saturday, Sunday or official public holiday of the Republic of Kenya, the draw may be held on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or official public holiday.

(xv) The period for claiming the prize is seven (7) days failure to which the Company may deem the prize forfeited, unless the period is extended, at the sole discretion of the Company.

B.  Mega Jackpot Pro DOUBLE COMBINATION BET

i. Maximize your potential gain with a Mega Jackpot Pro Jackpot double combination bet which allows you to place a bet with two options on a single game, on up to ten games from the listed 17/16/15/14 games in one Mega Jackpot Pro bet.

ii. The more double combinations placed, the higher the chances of winning. Calculation of the number of a double combination bet is equal to 2n (where n is the number of double combinations). For instance, 10 double combinations will be equivalent to 1024(2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2) single Mega Jackpot Pro bets.

iii. Calculation of the cost of a double combination bet is as follows: number of combinations (2n, where n is the number of double combinations) *Ksh. 99. For instance, for ten Mega Jackpot Pro double combinations, cost will be calculated as 2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2*2=1024 combinations*99/- = 101,376/- for the bet placed.

iv. A double combination bet can consist of minimum one double and up to a maximum of ten double combinations from the seventeen Mega Jackpot Pro games in the Mega Jackpot Pro bet.

v. The maximum Mega Jackpot Pro double combination comprises of one thousand and twenty-four (1024) different single Mega Jackpot Pro sets of 17 predictions placed in one Mega Jackpot Pro bet.

vi.  The total cost of the maximum Mega Jackpot Pro double combination bet will be one hundred one thousand, three hundred and seventy-six, as follows (1024 bet selections*99 Ksh. per bet= Ksh. 101,376)

vii.  In case of n double combinations placed, each of the 2n single sets of 17 predictions is taken as an individual bet and will be eligible to win the Mega Jackpot Pro and/or bonuses (if any).

viii. Where one or more Mega Jackpot Pro games are cancelled, interrupted, abandoned, suspended or postponed, the company may at its discretion:  

a) conduct an official public draw within 72 hours from the time of cancellation, interruption, abandonment, or postponement to determine the result of the missing game result, or
b) cancel the Mega Jackpot Pro bet and refund the stake within 72 hours from the time of cancellation, interruption, abandonment, or postponement

Provided that where this timeline falls on a Saturday, Sunday or official public holiday of the Republic of Kenya, the draw may be held on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or official public holiday.

C. Mega Jackpot Pro TRIPLE COMBINATION BET

i. Maximize your potential gain with a Mega Jackpot Pro Triple combination bet which allows you to place a bet with three options on a single game, on up to five games from the listed seventeen Mega Jackpot Pro games in one Mega Jackpot Pro bet.

ii. The more triple combinations placed, the higher the chances of winning. Calculation of the number of a triple combination bet is equal to 3n (where n is the number of triple combinations). For instance, 5 triple combinations will be equivalent to 243(3*3*3*3*3) single Mega Jackpot Pro bets.

iii. Calculation of the cost of a triple combination bet is as follows: number of combinations (3n, where n is the number of triple combinations) *Ksh. 99. For instance, for ten Mega Jackpot Pro triple combinations, cost will be calculated as 3*3*3*3*3=243 combinations*99/- = 24,057/- for the bet placed.

iv. A triple combination bet can consist of minimum one triple and up to a maximum of five triple combinations from the seventeen Mega Jackpot Pro games in the Mega Jackpot Pro bets.

v. The maximum Mega Jackpot Pro triple combination comprises of two hundred and forty-three (243) different single Mega Jackpot Pro sets of 17 predictions placed in one Mega Jackpot Pro bet.

vi. The total cost of the maximum Mega Jackpot Pro triple combination bet will be twenty-four thousand and fifty-seven shillings, as follows (243 bet selections*99 Ksh. per bet= Ksh. 24,057)

vii. In case of n triple combinations placed, each of the 3n single sets of 17 predictions is taken as an individual bet and will be eligible to win ALL the following:

• The Mega Jackpot Pro
• Bonus, at the sole and absolute discretion of SportPesa

viii. The maximum combinations of 5 doubles and 5 triples will be equivalent to 7776(2*2*2*2*2*3*3*3*3*3) single Mega Jackpot Pro bets.

ix. You can opt to predict 13 out of 17 games, 14 out of 17 games, 15 out of 17 games, 16 out of 17 games and 17 out of 17 games.

x. Where one or more Mega Jackpot Pro games are cancelled, interrupted, abandoned, suspended or postponed, the company may at its discretion:  

a) conduct an official public draw within 72 hours from the time of cancellation, interruption, abandonment, or postponement to determine the result of the missing game result, or
b) cancel the Mega Jackpot Pro bet and refund the stake within 72 hours from the time of cancellation, interruption, abandonment, or postponement

Provided that where this timeline falls on a Saturday, Sunday or official public holiday of the Republic of Kenya, the draw may be held on the next succeeding day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or official public holiday.

xi. Winners shall be required to avail themselves to SportPesa offices with proof of identity before any payment is made. The Company reserves the right to verify, with the relevant authorities, any identification document presented, before making any payment.

xii. The period for claiming the prize is seven (7) days failure to which the Company may deem the prize forfeited, unless the period is extended, at the sole discretion of the Company.

D. MEGA JACKPOT PRO BONUS

5.3.4.6. Mega Jackpot Pro Players are eligible to additional prizes, such as the Mega Jackpot Pro bonus.

5.3.4.7. The Mega Jackpot Pro bonus amount shall be determined by the Company at its discretion.

5.3.4.8. The bonus shall be available to players with correct predictions on the different sets of the respective weekly Jackpot as follows:

i) Sixteen (16) correct predictions out of seventeen (17) games
ii) Fifteen (15) correct predictions out of seventeen (17) games
iii) Fourteen (14) correct predictions out of seventeen (17) games
iv) Thirteen (13) correct predictions out of seventeen (17) games
v) Twelve (12) correct predictions out of seventeen (17) games
vi) Fifteen (15) correct predictions out of sixteen (16) games
vii) Fourteen (14) correct predictions out of sixteen (16) games
viii) Thirteen (13) correct predictions out of sixteen (16) games
ix) Twelve (12) correct predictions out of sixteen (16) games
x) Eleven (11) correct predictions out of sixteen (16) games
xi) Fourteen (14) correct predictions out of fifteen (15) games
xii) Thirteen (13) correct predictions out of fifteen (15) games
xiii) Twelve (12) correct predictions out of fifteen (15) games
xiv) Eleven (11) correct predictions out of fifteen (15) games
xv) Ten (10) correct predictions out of fifteen (15) games
xvi) Thirteen (13) correct predictions out of fourteen (14) games
xvii) Twelve (12) correct predictions out of fourteen (14) games
xviii) Eleven (11) correct predictions out of fourteen (14) games
xix) Ten (10) correct predictions out of fourteen (14) games
xx) Twelve (12) correct predictions out of thirteen (13) games
xxi) Eleven (11) correct predictions out of thirteen (13) games
xxii) Ten (10) correct predictions out of thirteen (13) games